Add resource specifications documentation (#1892)
ubccr/xdmod: docs/resource_specifications.md

Reviewer: Where is this file to be linked from?

I'm not sure listing out the metrics and dimensions is going to be much more helpful that having them available in the Metric Explorer. We also might forget to keep this list in sync if we make changes to the data warehouse configuration.

Author: My thinking was that this is more for people who haven't install XDMoD yet and want to know what is available if they install XDMoD.

Reviewer: I see. I hadn't realized we have similar pages for Cloud, Storage, and GPU metrics.

---
title: Resource Specifications Realm
---

## Prerequisites
- A full working installation of XDMoD. [XDMoD install instructions](install.html)

## What is the Resource Specifications realm?

> The Resource Specifications realm in Open XDMoD provides a way to track the changes in computing capacity over time, such as the number of CPUs and GPUs as well as CPU Hours, GPU Hours and other metrics. The source for this data is the `resource_specs.json` configuration file [Configuration Guide](configuration.md). The data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Resource Specifications realm in Open XDMoD provides a way to track the changes in computing capacity over time, such as the number of CPUs and GPUs as well as CPU Hours, GPU Hours and other metrics. The source for these data is the `resource_specs.json` configuration file (see the [Configuration Guide](configuration.md)). The data
```

> for this file is ingested into the XDMoD database when `xdmod-ingestor` is run. The only extra command needed is to aggregate the data using the [`xdmod-ingestor`](ingestor.md) command. Please see the `xdmod-ingestor` guide for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from this file are ingested into the XDMoD database when `xdmod-ingestor` is run. The only extra command needed is to aggregate the data using the `xdmod-ingestor` command. Please see the [`xdmod-ingestor` guide](ingestor.md) guide for further information.
```
